Windows users can use the Resolve-DnsName command. (#32449)
github/docs: content/pages/configuring-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site/managing-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site.md

{% windows %}

> The `dig` command, which can be used to verify correct configuration of DNS records, is not included in Windows. Windows users can use the `Resolve-DnsName` PowerShell command or install [BIND](https://www.isc.org/bind/) to verify DNS records are configured correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dig` command, which can be used to verify correct configuration of DNS records, is not included in Windows. To verify that your DNS records are configured correctly, you can use the `Resolve-DnsName` PowerShell command or install [BIND](https://www.isc.org/bind/).
```
